our editor Emily just picked up this
sick camper van but she's got one small
problem not a single gaming PC in sight
but fear not for DJI have sponsored our
effort to transform her mobile grass
touching machine into the greatest RGB
ified rage tracing Corner camping camper
van that has ever existed of course it's
not going to be easy you see computers
constantly get destroyed in transit and
the PCS here are going to be permanently
in transit meaning we're going to have
to get very creative if we want to build
a setup that is still going to work
after thousands of kilometers down only
sometimes paved Canadian logging roads
like any self-respecting gamer couple
Emily and hero expect to be able to play
at the same time which means that our
systems are going to have to be
extremely efficient without putting out
too much heat given the relative space
constraints which by the way aside from
power and
heat space is clearly at a premium Now
an obvious solution to this would be to
use laptops but come on guys this is
lonus Tech tips damn it so we're going
to need some full fat PCS and maybe a
projector setup for some casual moving
watching huh yes our original plan was
to take advantage of both of these
chairs right here so they can just
swivel around we've got a table right
here and it should be very great for
space only problem is
not only does this one kind of struggle
with clearance issues both with this
table arm mount and the door but if I
could get it turned all the way around I
would have nowhere to put my feet other
than here because of the fridge that's
under this bench moving that not the
easiest but that's no problem we've got
lots of Gaming Chairs kicking around
we're just going to put one of these in
here and uh I think I have a better idea
when we first looked at this this bed
was just a bed but now it
[Music]
is come
on also a couch now all we need is a
table hey look at that now we just need
somewhere to put the PCS okay now my
understanding is you guys have actually
designed something in solid works right
yes can we take a look y very cool so
what I'm looking at is intakes on the
front two machines side by side almost
desk PC like and then we've got what
appears to be some kind of vent or
shroud at the back that's for the power
supplies and on the bottom we have
vibration dampers do you know what the
best part is though
W it'll be all locked up right in here
and here it is that looks great did we
do that on the Avid CNC oh yeah looks
beautiful all right all we got to do is
put some computers on it divide and
conquer you do one I do the other I
can't believe the kind of Hardware we
went with for these we're going 7800
x3ds we're talking eight of the fastest
gaming cores on the planet we've got
these super cute mini ITX b650 boards
from
ASRock speaking of do these have EDP out
is that what I'm looking at on the back
here Graphics output one HDMI one EDP
that is so cool so you can output to
like a like a laptop monitor that
doesn't have its own built-in scaler
just go straight to it also got an m.2
slot back here for a total of two we've
gone with 32 gigs of Corsair Vengeance
DDR 56000 which has probably got you
guys thinking gee lonus that's a pretty
normal gaming PC so far what exactly is
it that makes this thing
camping ah well aside from going with
the 3D vcash version of our ryzen 7 CPU
which is lower TDP and is therefore
going to consume less power and kick out
less heat we've also gone with this
Cooler Master 1100 wat 80 plus Platinum
power supply small and efficient and
we've gone with okay I know it's
controversial but an RTX 4060 TI is it
the best bang for the buck no but is it
the best efficiency for the
buck if not as close it's efficient it's
very close let's not put in the buck bit
hold on a second Alex you told me to
mount my IO facing this way but you
mounted your I/O facing the other way
well the gpus have to go here and here
that makes sense reasons here's an idea
I found some 632 thumb screws and we
could kind of go his and hers with it
now it's time for our GPU but I have to
assume the the fans go up right correct
good so how is that going to work cuz
the slots like that so if you look at
these holes they correspond to the ones
in our back plate
ooh so it's getting hard mounted
straight to this not going anywhere it
was actually super easy to do this we
used our 3D scanner to just 3D scan this
boom Chuck and solid work done thank you
wine scan wait you're screwing right
into the cooler of the GPU through the
back plate yes what about the pcie Riser
oh it goes through here yeah so it goes
up down around and then in I'd ask if
you have a better idea but it's way too
late for that uh maybe not the spring
loaded boy I think those ones are fine
but the ones in the center around the
die we are not touching you're stressing
me out Alex you do realize why are you
stressed because you are stressing me
out I'm sorry was I not explicit enough
this is a Flawless plan that we're going
to execute flawlessly just like that
line you hear that little GPU you're
about to get excluded are these washers
just to stack up so they're not too long
what no I don't think you know what
you're doing how are we supposed to
screw these in oh and you didn't do the
thermal pad oh right sorry my bad that's
the problem the thermal pad is not
really serving a thermal purpose it's
more just an anti vibration pad not that
it really matters in this
case I do have to say I am incredibly
impressed by how well this lines up what
I've only got two hands well it's not
going
anywhere and like I've seen so many
times like this is attached to a bracket
and this is attached to something else
and next thing you know your gpus on the
side of the road out of the FedEx truck
sure yeah anyway not going to happen
here I have to tape my pcie extension
we're going to be taping kind of all of
our cables we don't want over a long
amount of time the vibrations of the
truck rubbing that thing against this
that goes a little something
like that there we go do we want to test
it here or do we want to just throw it
in the van and hope for the best oh we
throw it in the van we hope for the best
all right let's do that okay I can see
why the futon conversion doesn't go that
smoothly this hole looks like they cut
it with their teeth you know Emily
there's a such thing as a as a
ruler look at this cool power supply
bracket this is awesome how is this made
is this just 3D printed yeah just 3D
printed 2200 watts in what is I mean
basically about the size of a regular
ATX power supply oh God this is really
cramped dude go left a bit yeah I see
that power switches okay all right I I
got you I got you okay well we've got
dual 120 mm aiio from Corsair chalk full
of RGB this is going to look sick it's
going to look ridiculous y sick
ridiculous wait I noticed Emily
inherited more things that were supposed
to be from my minivan these expensive
cables that Alex ordered these are
trippy I asked for more of those for
your Minivan and you're like I don't
need them oh display port USB and then
their USBC on the other side kind of
thing super cool so it allows you to run
a USBC so like a display port alt mode
display off of a regular display port
GPU so we're going to have just one
cable going to our monitors it's awesome
my badminton grip wrapping skills are
coming in handy here we really could
have done this more easily I don't know
about you guys but I think this is going
great same LT
where Jank meets you know that's kind of
awesome not bad now all we got to do is
St it
down I guess before we do that uhhuh
should we put on the coolers and just
like make sure it works sure why are
aios a good idea in a space like this
they're an okay idea in this space you
can definitely get more cooling for the
amount of height that we've got above
the CPU socket here right like you can
see if this was down flat
in order for us to have our countertop
on top of it we've only got about this
120 mm fan which you might think okay
means well sure you could have a 120 mm
cooler but not really right cuz you got
to have heat pipes and stuff sticking
out of there so this allows us to get
way more cooling surface area on the CPU
socket than we could otherwise have
there's that but also vibrations was a
really big consideration uh how do we
power this I noticed that this extension
cable does not do anything do you
remember who our sponsor is yeah DJI ji
so see oh
Lordy I do see them be some lead acid
batteries suckers inverter solar charger
all of that junk we are going to leave
it cuz some of the systems we just want
to know for sure will just run and not
be our fault if they stop
working but this will power the
computers this will be like the
computers the RGB all of the fun stuff
coming off of this cool so we can just
turn it on then I assume yeah all right
let's let's try and fire them up oh that
looks flipping awesome this is sick so
legit what is a Zen
screen this isn't gaming is it it isn't
technically gaming but also it's, 1600p
and 120 HZ so might as well be gaming so
it's a portable monitor yep right but
also you've got a stand for it yep and
that's just like a/ quarter inch so you
could kind of Mount this on anything
yeah very cool wow okay cool it's got
inputs on both sides
that's legitimately really handy for a
portable monitor I mean you know how
display port is it probably won't work
so I'm going to reboot it just in case
just just hold on just hold on it's
going to work it looked like it Wasing
way it's going to work if what we were
trying to do was get the screen to
restart over and over again hey mission
accomplished wow that looks
great yeah and we hot glued down the
spacers so that we don't have to worry
about them moving around as we put all
the stuff in I guess we figured out the
GPU priority output issue do you want to
know what the problem was bio setting
someone didn't put the pcie riser in all
the
way you built that one no you built that
one no you built that one oh look I
definitely that's my Tesa tape job right
there on this side no I built that one
no I built this one right here this is
without a doubt my Riser uhoh I may not
have a counter to
that oh yeah no this is definitely mine
you didn't take off your peel yeah okay
yep yep yep yep yep yep yep yep easy fix
yeah that's great I've been tasked with
extending the length of the power button
lead on one of the systems cuz right now
he no reach um but rather than going and
finding exactly these colors of wires in
this gauge I found a dead power supply
so I'm going to hack it together y
ha all right we're good we have two
computers and they both
work I shouldn't have given him this
side quest we have a lot of actually
important things to do in that van I'm
having fun not my finest work but
realistically if Alex wanted my finest
work he wouldn't ask me on a Friday we
are now roughly like 40% through the
time that we have with
lonus and we have gotten
this you say that like it's a bad thing
I'm having fun yeah I'm having
fun can we finally have the fun of
looking at the projector yeah sure that
sounds great heck yeah we can't do it
anywhere than this bed mechanism so I
think we got this yeah look you can look
at our mechanism oh yeah yeah that's
suitably adequate oh oh where's it go
that's why there's a leg hey oh how how
you how you doing oh oh oh hey that's
pretty no way yeah we used the magnetic
cable management and look how solid that
is that is freaking
awesome
that's oh man I love it okay so this is
gaming desk land
[Applause]
slash whoa that is not secured to
anything I guess this is what we're
doing
yes nice ooh this is cute this is that
little Ben Q projector right yeah
1080p small Auto Keystone autofocus and
I love this 3D printed mount for it did
you guys use the 3D scanner for this
again we did it's like perfect though
yeah it has no right to be this perfect
so basically it's just going to go up
here we bolt that in and we're g tog is
this plugged into the DJI is it ready to
power on yep oh hi yeah she's she's
doing great she's doing great yeah it's
uh it's not laser which is good but it
is bright oo it comes with a little
Streaming Stick so about that the first
thing you have to do when you open this
up is take the side off and just Jam the
Streaming Stick inside of it and that's
how you get a smart
projector please don't make me hold this
while you log into
Google oh yeah oh yeah bud oh yeah bud
oh she's in there she's great hold on
hold
[Music]
on she's great like you were saying yeah
yeah yeah that's what I was saying that
was the demo I was doing it's it's
[Music]
good all right I am happy with it
it's actually not that bad in a perfect
world what you would do in a situation
like this is you would either use an
ultra short throw projector but we
couldn't really do that cuz it would
have to be here or what you would do is
you would use a mirror so you use a
higher end projector you'd Bounce It Off
the one side and then you we're not
doing that so that's the size of their
screen this is cool though because I
guess the idea here is that when we want
the gaming setups we just pop the
monitor arm on onto it yeah and it just
what uh locks into place somehow and
there's a little screw the screw is kind
of annoying perfect okay and then when
we don't want it we just put the little
cover on and I guess we would do that
whenever we want to fold the table up
yeah so we just actually took the bottom
of this stand yep and just screwed it in
right there
oh it's not the dumbest thing well
that's the goal right yeah you don't
want to build the dumbest thing unless
that's what you set out to do that's on
there and he adjusts oo PIV oh uh are
you mangling it it doesn't pivot it does
not pivot no but it
tilts I mean anything pivots if you push
it hard enough realistically 99% of the
time they're probably just going to use
the little built-in flippy stand but hey
at least we thought of this this is
really starting to come together isn't
it yeah it's not too bad is there a plan
to keep this up here uh there's a couple
of different things we could do so
that's a long way of saying no
yes these things are legitimately
extremely flexible you can use them for
on-site power which is obviously what
we're doing with them but if you only
need something like that very
occasionally they can also operate in
UPS mode which is as simple as just
plugging it in and leaving it plugged in
with all of your devices running off of
the DJI power 1000 in the event of a
power outage it switches fast enough
that even something like a connected
computer won't experience a loss of
power and it also has quiet charging and
dual 140 W type c ports that can charge
two 16-in MacBook Pros to 50% in just 30
minutes pretty cool so you're really not
going to like the plan for mounting
these we're just going to screw these
into the floor and then strap them down
well I was planning on going into these
2x4s
but uh okay so what we're doing this by
hand then we probably should pre-drill
it I hate you so much I don't hate you
actually that's good I genuinely like
you not right now is that secured that
thing up there what thing that thing on
the thing oh okay cool yeah if it falls
it'll probably hurt okay no no I'll have
my feet here to catch it how's it
going two of these will run their gaming
rigs for over 3
hours one of them will run their gaming
rigs for about 2 and 1/2 hours really so
5 hours with two of them that's freaking
awesome and in the future if they ever
wanted to add like solar p PS on the
roof of the van or something like that I
know oh wait they have them already oh
sick so they can charge these off solar
during the day game all night correct
that's the life baby all right awesome
man I can't believe these take the place
of these gigantic batteries all of this
crap over here and it's all just
self-contained dang lithium you cool hey
I remembered how they work go team well
that's not going anywhere ah oh yeah
butd sick man when you're not gaming you
can run off these things for a long
freaking time we've been using this to
power everything in the van for the
entire shoot and we're still at 51% do I
need a special cable to daisy chain
these things together no just that oh I
oh wow so it really is as simple as just
a standard C13 power connection on the
one so you just plug that into the
charging port and then you just go to
the AC out put on the other one yep oh
all right well that's pretty simple then
cool it's also super nice that these get
charged just using a standard C13 cable
some other battery Banks you have to use
like a power brick and a special adapter
and crap all that's integrated into this
so just boom use this you're done before
we get to tidying everything up to
reveal to Emily we got to try out the
passenger seat gaming setup though hold
on let me just see if I can ah get in
here it's not really meant to be climbed
into from the outside I don't think
this is not bad do we have a mouse pad
for this though we do oh yes the stealth
mouse pad from LTD store.com if you
don't like any unsightly branding this
is the mouse pad for you it's the same
high quality mouse pad you've come to
know and love with absolutely no
branding on it okay this oh oh it's oh
it's quite adjustable oh that's not bad
all
right this is kind of an awesome little
display dude oh
yeah like like it kind of
rocks 1600p and 120 HZ pretty sick oh
yeah we don't even have the top on it
yet and it's really quiet that's pretty
freaking good just putting some little
finishing touches on it so it's nice and
ready for the big reveal I'm just scared
about
[Laughter]
trying he's so
sketchy oh bud I'm I got lots of room
room bud I got lots of room all right
here we
go this is scary yeah scary I don't know
what it's going to be all right he made
it out that's fine it's not broken so
we're good your gaming dream machine has
pulled into the station come come come
come come come come come come come come
come first of all I would like you guys
to notice that Alex is not just sitting
backwards in the front seat go go go
look he is gaming oh backwards in the
front seat hell
yeah oo all right okay that's pretty
cool so far I like that what we got we
got curtains you got curtains got a
gaming Alex did you just say curtains
because I think you mean
RGB look at the fans though those wait
what look at the fan that's so cool wait
that's
awesome y it's so cool so there's two
full PCS in here well what we're just
going to put one no it just it looks
cooler than I thought I thought it would
look way more Jank than Alex are you
going to take that are you going to sit
there and take that like it's fair
enough but wait there's more once we
stash this away obviously you've got to
be wondering where's the second system
at well we don't want just one of you to
be able to game remember you guys talked
about how this bed is also a futon yeah
well now this bed is also a
foo a desk
that's sick let's go oh my God I'm going
to have you guys try it okay so up here
you're going to find your gaming
peripherals did you guys notice the RGB
the RGB is so much better than it was so
you got to grab your USBC cable it's a
one cable solution it does build power
and display port to your monitor sick
there you go love that it's on the side
where is it nice and convenient let's
see some gamer
skills gaming camper van let's go
that's the Crosshair I got that thank
you you you should see her play
OverWatch no not everyone has played
these two levels of Doom Eternal a
thousand times like I
have hell yeah pretty smooth though
right this is running amazing and
honestly this monitor is fantastic it's
small but yeah another word for small is
compact but wait there's
more W this is
you put a game in front of a gameer just
sorry my brain cannot just zone out
okay okay we've got another
trick that's awesome movie night okay
so the projector is not Ultra short
throw oh so don't be disappointed when
it's not quite the whole size
but look it's bigger than the screen you
had before okay this is true this is
true so you just open up this bad boy
it's better than an iPad that's what
we're up against we're up against an
iPad would you believe that none of this
is feigned these guys actually sight on
scene just allowed us to do whatever to
their van it was kind of scary it was
very
scary this is fantastic like I would
game on this this versus IAD
ah okay big
bezels but we didn't have a hydraulic
press to put it in so there was no way
to make it smaller of course you know
you're not necessarily going to game
when it's you know time to spend quality
time on the couch watching a movie for
sure so go ahead and shut her down and
we can watch our favorite movie crab
[Music]
R the I'm actually so surprised by the
speakers on that projector that's sick
not too bad and when you don't want to
look at it boom there you go of course
we haven't even shown you guys the best
part yet under where you guys are
sitting you now have up to 2200 watts of
output the ability to tap into your
existing solar system in order to charge
them we didn't want to mess with what
you kind of had here currently so that's
something that you guys are going to
kind of want to figure out in the future
and simple just C13 plug-in charging
whenever you guys are at home nice
they're a little on the heavy side and
the mounting system for them
is in
there oh yeah there you but that's a lot
of power you guys got sitting under here
and what's great is they're pretty much
exactly the same form factor as your
existing batteries so if you guys ever
decide to ditch these you can just put
those right where those are and you can
get all your storage space back cool
that's really cool so cool oh is there
an even bester part what is this this
looks awesome what is this well you know
you don't want just RGB fans right there
so someone can be like what the heck is
that and go and steal your gaming
computer so we have a privacy panel here
you go oh oh my God's it what is this oh
my gosh it's the what of course you had
to bring the worst part about rocket
leag you got your rocket League this is
amazing we had to cut out the fans so we
got some holes out of that and they were
coaster sized so we made you some
coasters oh no no what
no why you guys can game on these
systems just off of battery for about 5
hours continuously although we found out
the RGB draws like close to 150 watts so
maybe turn those off oh go RGB gaming
massive thanks for real to DJI for
sponsoring this Tech makeover by the way
you can fast charge drones on it I don't
know if you hit that talking point super
cool we couldn't have done it without
them if you guys enjoyed this video you
might enjoy the time that we checked out
a boat